HEY, WOULDN'T IT BE COOL
IF OUR DUCK AND OUR CHICK
HAD A LITTLE BABY?
WE COULD CALL IT CHUCK.
OR DICK.
HEY.
LISTEN, I NEED A FAVOR.
UM... I WAS
IN THE SHOWER
AND AS I WAS CLEANSING MYSELF
I, UH... WELL, I FELT SOMETHING.
WAS IT LIKE A SNEEZE,
ONLY BETTER?
NO, NO, I MEAN LIKE A THING
ON MY BODY.
WELL, WHAT WAS IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S KIND OF IN A PLACE
THAT'S NOT...
IT'S NOT VISUALLY ACCESSIBLE
TO ME.
AND I WAS HOPING MAYBE
YOU GUYS COULD, COULD...
HELP ME OUT.
WHOA!
WHOA! NO!
COME ON, YOU GUYS.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
UH-UH-UH!
HEY!
HUH.
WELL, WHAT IS IT?
IS IT A MOLE?
NO, IT'S TOO WRINKLY
TO BE A MOLE.
IS IT WHAT,
A PIMPLE?
NO, IT'S...
FANCIER THAN
A PIMPLE.
LOOK, ROSS...
HEY, GUYS, WHAT'S...?
OKAY, WELL,
IT'S DEFINITE.
TWO MORE WEEKS
OF WINTER.
YEAH. RIGHT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OKAY, AND THIS IS
THE COFFEEHOUSE.
THIS IS WHERE
I PLAY MY MUSIC.
GOOD DEAL.
YEAH, AND THESE
ARE MY FRIENDS.
PEOPLE, THIS IS VINCE.
VINCE, THE PEOPLE.
HEY.
VINCE IS A FIREMAN.
Rachel:
WOW! HAVE YOU EVER
RESCUED ANYONE
FROM A BURNING BUILDING BEFORE?
98 HOT SAVES.
HIGHEST ON THE FORCE.
YOU KNOW, IF JOEY AND I
PLAY WITH MATCHES
WE COULD GET YOU UP
TO AN EVEN 100.
FIRE SAFETY IS NOT A JOKE, SON.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I KNOW.
LOOK, I'VE GOT TO GO.
I'M ON CALL TONIGHT.
SEE YOU SATURDAY.
OKAY.
WOW, HE'S CUTE, PHEEBS.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU JUST
STARTED DATING
THAT KINDERGARTEN TEACHER?
OH, JASON?
YEAH. YEAH, UH-HUH.
WE'RE SEEING EACH OTHER TONIGHT.
PHEEBS, WHAT...
PHEEBS?!
TWO DATES IN ONE DAY?
THAT'S SO UNLIKE YOU.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I'M LIKE PLAYING THE FIELD,
YOU KNOW.
LIKE JUGGLING TWO GUYS.
I'M SOWING MY WILD OATS.
YOU KNOW, THIS KIND
OF LIKE, YOU KNOW
OAT-SOWING,
FIELD-PLAYING JUGGLER.
SO, DO THEY KNOW
ABOUT EACH OTHER?
DOES A DOG'S LIPS MOVE
WHEN HE READS?
OKAY, NO,
THEY DON'T KNOW.
HEY, GUYS.
All:
HEY.
WELL? HOW DID IT GO
AT THE DOCTOR'S?
WELL, HE SAID THERE'S DEFINITELY
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
IT'S TOTALLY BENIGN.
WELL, WHAT IS IT?
HE COULDN'T EVEN TELL ME.
HE SAID IT WAS JUST SOME SORT
OF SKIN ABNORMALITY.
AND THE WORST THING IS
HE SAID WITHOUT BEING ABLE
TO IDENTIFY IT
HE WAS RELUCTANT TO REMOVE IT.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU SHOULD GO TO MY GUY.
'CAUSE WHEN I WENT IN THERE
WITH MY THIRD NIPPLE...
HE JUST LOPPED IT RIGHT OFF,
YOU KNOW?
SO I GUESS I'M LUCKY.
I MEAN, NOT AS LUCKY AS PEOPLE
WHO ARE BORN WITH TWO NIPPLES.
WELL, AT LEAST THEY KNEW
WHAT YOURS WAS.
YOURS HAD A NAME.
OH!
MAYBE THEY'LL NAME YOURS
AFTER YOU.
YOU KNOW, THEY'D
CALL IT "THE ROSS."
AND THEN PEOPLE
WOULD BE LIKE
"OH, HE'S GOT A ROSS."
YEAH, THAT WOULD BE COOL.
PETE'S BREAKING UP WITH ME.
WHAT?
YEAH, I JUST CHECKED
MY MESSAGES
AND HE SAID WHEN HE GETS BACK
FROM ATLANTA
"WE NEED TO TALK."
AND?
WELL, THAT'S IT.
PEOPLE NEVER SAY
"WE NEED TO TALK"
UNLESS IT'S SOMETHING BAD.
THAT DOESN'T
NECESSARILY MEAN
HE'S BREAKING UP WITH YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH, MAYBE HE JUST
CHEATED ON YOU.
AND I KNOW I'LL NEVER
GET RICH DOING IT
BUT I'VE GOT TO TELL YOU
IT'S PRETTY COOL KNOWING
THAT YOU'RE MAKING A DIFFERENCE
IN A KID'S LIFE.
THAT IS SO GREAT.
I...
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD!
UH, WE BETTER CALL
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
NO! NO!
NO? NO?
WELL, WE DON'T...
WE DON'T NEED
A FIREMAN.
WE... NEED, LIKE,
A GOOD MECHANIC.
( sirens wailing )
OH, MY GOD!
HERE THEY COME.
WE'VE GOT TO GET
OUT OF HERE.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHY?
LOOK, IF I WANTED
TO SEE A FIREMAN
I WOULD DATE ONE, OKAY?
YEAH, THAT'S ALL IT IS.
A THIRD NIPPLE.
JUST YOUR RUN-OF-THE-MILL
THIRD NIPPLE.
YOU CAN TAKE IT OFF.
JUST SLICE THAT BABY
RIGHT OFF.
TAKE YOUR SHIRT OFF
AND LET'S SEE WHAT
WE'RE DEALING WITH HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST SHOWING YOU
MY RUN-OF-THE-MILL
SLICE-IT-RIGHT-OFF
THIRD NIPPLE.
WELL, THAT'S NOT
A THIRD NIPPLE.
FIRST OF ALL,
IT'S ON YOUR ASS.
WELL, THEN, WHAT IS IT?
WAIT A MINUTE.
HOLD IT.
JOHNSON, WILL YOU COME IN HERE
FOR A MOMENT?
I'M WITH HAMILTON.
HE'S GOOD WITH WEIRD THINGS.
BRING HIM IN, TOO.
I'VE GOT TO GO WATER
PETE'S PLANTS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF HE'S GOING
TO BREAK UP WITH ME
MAYBE I WON'T
WATER HIS PLANTS.
IF HE'S GOING TO BREAK UP
WITH YOU
MAYBE JOEY AND I SHOULD WATER
HIS PLANTS.
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
OR...
( chuckles )
WE COULD GO OVER THERE
AND PEE ON THEM.
I CAN'T TAKE IT,
YOU KNOW?
I'M ALWAYS AFRAID
ONE OF THEM
IS GOING TO CATCH ME
WITH THE OTHER ONE.
IT'S MAKING ME CRAZY.
WELL, HONEY, THEN WHY
DON'T YOU BREAK UP
WITH ONE OF THEM?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT, WHAT HAPPENED
TO PLAYING THE FIELD?
WELL, IT JUST DOESN'T
FEEL LIKE PLAYING ANYMORE.
IT FEELS LIKE WORK.
IT'S LIKE I'M WORKING
IN THE FIELD.
SO, PHEEBS, PICK ONE OF THEM.
WHICH ONE DO YOU LIKE MORE?
WELL, VINCE IS GREAT, YOU KNOW
'CAUSE HE'S LIKE...
HE'S A GUY GUY, YOU KNOW.
HE'S JUST SO BURLY.
SO VERY BURLY.
OKAY, GOOD, SO THERE YOU GO.
GO WITH VINCE.
YEAH, BUT JASON'S
REALLY SENSITIVE.
WELL, SENSITIVE IS IMPORTANT.
PICK HIM.
YEAH.
OH, SURE, GO WITH THE SISSY.
JASON IS NOT A SISSY.
NO, NO, NO.
I MEANT CHANDLER.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE DINNER PLANS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING ON
SUCH A SHORT NOTICE.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
I'VE BEEN PRACTICING MEDICINE
FOR 23 YEARS AND...
I'M STUMPED.
( all murmuring )
AND THIS IS THE DEN.
CHECK THIS OUT.
LIGHTS.
WHOA!
ALL RIGHT, LESS LIGHTS.
BAD LIGHTS.
LIGHTS GO AWAY.
SEE, YOU JUST NEED TO FIND
THE RIGHT COMMAND.
YEAH. AND THE DIMMER SWITCH.
WHOA.
FOR A RICH GUY,
HE'S GOT A PRETTY SMALL TV.
THAT'S THE VIDEO PHONE.
BUT HEY, YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE HERE
SO PLEASE DO NOT
TOUCH ANYTHING.
I-KEA, THIS IS COMFORTABLE.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.
GOD, THAT IS
THE NICEST KITCHEN.
I KNOW.
NO, BUT IT'S
THE NICEST KITCHEN.
THE REFRIGERATOR TOLD ME
TO HAVE A GREAT DAY.
LOOK AT THIS,
A MILLIONAIRE'S
CHECKBOOK.
JOEY, PUT THAT DOWN.
( phone ringing )
OH, MY GOD,
THAT'S PETE.
OKAY, GET OUT.
HOW THE HELL DO YOU ANSWER
A VIDEO PHONE?
Monica?
I GUESS THAT'S HOW.
Hey, Monica, how's it going?
OH, IT'S GOOD.
IT'S... IT'S GOOD.
JUST HERE WATERING THE PLANTS.
Don't forget that ficus
over there by Rachel.
UH...
CHANDLER'S ON THE COUCH.
I see him.
You guys are
the worst hiders ever.
HEY, PETE.
HOW YOU DOING?
Hey, guys.
UH, PETE, THE OTHER DAY
WHEN YOU SAID
YOU NEEDED TO TALK--
JUST SO I KNOW,
IS IT GOOD NEWS OR BAD NEWS?
Oh, it's good news.
No, it's definitely good news.
Hold on a second,
I have another call.
Hey, how's it going?
NO, IT'S STILL ME.
No, it's not. I've got
picture-in-picture here.
Yeah?
I'm going to have
to call you back later.
Monica, you--
I'll call you back later.
OH, OH, OKAY.
UM, SO I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
Okay, I love you.
I LOVE YOU.
All:
WE LOVE YOU.
OKAY.
WELL, IT'S GOOD NEWS.
IT'S GOOD NEWS.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK
THE GOOD NEWS IS?
WOW, LOOK AT THIS.
HE WROTE A CHECK FOR $50,000
TO "HUGO LINDGREN RING DESIGN."
OH, SORRY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THE GOOD NEWS IS?
OH, MY.
MONICA'S GOING
TO MARRY A MILLIONAIRE!
YOU'VE GOT TO GET MOM
ON THE PHONE.
CALL MOM! CALL MOM!
Hello?
AND THAT'S PETE'S MOM.
NO. YOU HAVE TO MAKE IT
A THEME WEDDING
AND THE THEME COULD BE: LOOK
HOW MUCH MONEY WE'VE GOT.
YOU KNOW?
YOU COULD PUT MONEY
IN THE INVITATIONS.
YOU COULD HAVE LIKE
LITTLE MONEY PLACE SETTINGS
AND YOU COULD START
WITH A MONEY SALAD.
I MEAN, IT'LL BE DRY,
BUT PEOPLE WILL LIKE IT.
WOULD YOU STOP?
WE'VE ONLY BEEN GOING OUT
A COUPLE WEEKS.
WE DON'T KNOW HE'LL PROPOSE.
BUT PETE'S NOT LIKE
OTHER PEOPLE.
ON YOUR FIRST DATE,
HE TOOK YOU TO ROME.
FOR MOST GUYS, THAT'S LIKE
A THIRD OR FOURTH DATE
KIND OF THING.
WELL, IF THAT'S WHAT IT IS
THEN IT'S... IT'S CRAZY.
MONICA'S RIGHT.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
GETTING MARRIED HERE, OKAY?
SHE CAN'T JUST
RUSH INTO THIS.
OH, WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
YOU MARRIED A LESBIAN.
ALL RIGHT, I GOT TO GO.
I HAVE TO BREAK UP
WITH VINCE.
OH, SO YOU'RE GOING
WITH THE TEACHER, HUH?
YEAH. I LIKE VINCE A LOT,
YOU KNOW
BUT JASON IS SO SENSITIVE,
YOU KNOW?
IN THE LONG RUN,
I THINK SENSITIVE IS BETTER
THAN HAVING JUST LIKE
A REALLY, REALLY, REALLY NICE...
BODY.
JASON. DEFINITELY JASON.
OKAY,
WISH ME LUCK.
All:
GOOD LUCK.
( squeals )
SORRY.
I WAS JUST IMAGINING
WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE
TO CATCH THE MONEY BOUQUET.
EXCUSE ME.
UM, IS VINCE HERE?
OH, SURE. VINCE!
YO!
WOW. I DIDN'T KNOW YOU GUYS
ACTUALLY USED THOSE.
SO, WHAT'S UP?
UM... WOW.
THIS-THIS ISN'T GOING
TO BE EASY, UM...
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
SEE EACH OTHER ANY MORE.
UH-HUH.
GOOD DEAL.
I'M SORRY.
NO, NO. IT'S OKAY.
IT'S JUST THAT, UH...
I THOUGHT WE HAD SOMETHING
PRETTY SPECIAL HERE
AND, YOU KNOW, I FELT LIKE
YOU WERE SOMEONE
I COULD FINALLY OPEN UP TO
AND... T-THERE'S SO MUCH IN ME
I HAVEN'T SHARED WITH YOU YET.
OH, MY GOD, I DIDN'T
KNOW YOU WERE SO...
NO. I'M SORRY,
I CAN'T TALK.
I'M GOING TO GO WRITE
IN MY JOURNAL.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
I'M TELLING YOU, IF YOU WANT
TO TAKE CARE OF THAT THING
YOU SHOULD GO SEE
MY HERBAL GUY.
THANK YOU,
BUT I WANT TO REMOVE IT.
I DON'T WANT TO MAKE IT SAVORY.
YOU KNOW, WHEN GIRLS
SLEEP WITH GUYS
WITH WEIRD THINGS
ON THEIR BODY
THEY TELL THEIR
FRIENDS ABOUT IT.
GIVE ME THIS.
HI. OKAY, DON'T
BE MAD AT ME
BUT I COULDN'T RESIST.
BRIDES MAGAZINES?
YES, AND I KNOW
THAT YOU SAID
YOU WOULD SAY NO
IF HE ASKED YOU, BUT I'M SORRY.
HOW GREAT WOULD YOU LOOK
WALKING DOWN THE AISLE
IN THIS DONNA KARAN?
( Phoebe gasps )
OH, YOU SO WOULD.
OH, YOU SHOULD GET THAT ANYWAY.
WELL, FOR CLUBBING.
IT IS SO WEIRD.
I KNOW WHAT I SAID, BUT, UM...
THIS MORNING I WAS LYING IN BED.
I WAS, I WAS IMAGINING WHAT IT
WOULD BE LIKE TO SAY YES.
I MEAN, I KNOW IT'S
A LITTLE SUDDEN
AND IT'S A LITTLE RUSHED
AND IT'S TOTALLY
NOT LIKE ME
TO DO SOMETHING
LIKE THIS, BUT...
THAT DOESN'T MEAN I CAN'T,
RIGHT?
I MEAN, I'M-I'M CRAZY ABOUT PETE
AND I-I KNOW
THAT WE WANT THE SAME THINGS
AND WHEN I THOUGHT
ABOUT SAYING YES
IT MADE ME REALLY HAPPY.
OH, MY GOD.
I KNOW.
I NEED MORE PIE.
HEY, MON, UM,
IF YOU DO GET MARRIED
CAN I BRING TWO GUESTS?
YOU DIDN'T BREAK UP
WITH THAT FIREMAN?
NO. THAT WAS MY WAY
OF TELLING YOU.
WELL, IT TURNS OUT
HE'S INCREDIBLY SENSITIVE.
HE KEEPS A JOURNAL
AND HE PAINTS.
HE EVEN SHOWED ME
CHARCOAL DRAWINGS
THAT HE DREW OF ME.
WOW.
YEAH. WELL,
HE'D PREFER WATERCOLORS
BUT HE HAS EASY ACCESS
TO A LOT OF CHARCOAL.
SO THEN, ARE YOU GOING
TO DUMP JASON?
WELL, YEAH, BECAUSE I HAVE
TO BREAK UP WITH SOMEONE, AND...
OKAY, SO JASON IS SENSITIVE
BUT, NOW, SO'S VINCE.
PLUS, VINCE HAS THE BODY,
YOU KNOW, SO...
IT'S REALLY
JUST ABOUT THE MATH.
( clears throat )
JASON?
YEAH? COME ON IN.
SO, PHOEBE YOU, UH, SOUNDED
KIND OF SERIOUS
ON THE PHONE.
IS, UH, IS
ANYTHING WRONG?
NUH-UH.
YOU MUST BE ROSS.
HI.
I AM GURU SAJ.
LISTEN, I GOT TO TELL YOU
I'VE NEVER BEEN
TO A GURU BEFORE, SO...
WELL, RELAX. IF IT MAKES
YOU FEEL ANY BETTER
I'VE ATTENDED SOME OF THE FINEST
MEDICAL SCHOOLS
IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
WELL, THEN,
LET'S TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS SKIN ABNORMALITY
OF YOURS.
COME ON, HAVE A SEAT.
UH-HUH... HUH.
UH-HUH!
AS I SUSPECTED,
IT'S A KUNDUS.
WHAT'S A KUNDUS?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S A KUNDUS WITH YOU?
PLEASE, LIE DOWN.
I'VE GOT A SALVE THAT OUGHT
TO SHRINK THAT RIGHT UP.
WELL...
I GUESS IT'S
WORTH A TRY.
OH, SURE.
WE SHOULD SEE
RESULTS... WHOA!
CLEARLY NOT THE WAY TO GO!
WHAT? WHAT?
WE APPEAR
TO HAVE ANGERED IT.
WE? WE ANGERED IT?
OH.
I THINK I SEE THE PROBLEM...
AND I'M AFRAID WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO USE
A MUCH STRONGER TOOL.
LOVE.
OH, GOD.
ROSS, THERE IS
ABSOLUTELY NO WAY
THIS IS GOING TO COME OFF
UNLESS YOU START TO...
OW!
OOPS.
WHAT WAS, WHAT WAS THAT?
WELL, IT'S GONE.
W...? HOW'S THAT?
GOT CAUGHT IN MY WATCH.
HEY...
LIGHTS.
OOH.
UH, ROMANTIC LIGHTS.
OOH, NICE.
( giggles )
SO, UH, THERE WAS THIS THING
I WANTED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
OH, RIGHT.
I COMPLETELY
FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
WELL, UH...
I'VE BEEN DOING
A LOT OF THINKING
AND I LOOK AT MY LIFE...
YEAH?
AND I FEEL LIKE
I'VE CONQUERED
THE BUSINESS WORLD
AND I FEEL LIKE I'VE CONQUERED
THE INTELLECTUAL WORLD
AND NOW I-I HAVE THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD.
WOW.
BUT THERE'S
ONE THING MISSING.
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO CONQUER THE PHYSICAL WORLD.
OKAY.
MONICA...
I WANT TO BECOME
THE ULTIMATE FIGHTING CHAMPION.
YOU WANT TO WHAT?
I WANT TO BECOME
THE ULTIMATE FIGHTING CHAMPION.
IT'S THE MOST INTENSE PHYSICAL
COMPETITION IN THE WORLD.
IT'S BANNED IN 49 STATES.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
MY TRAINER HOCHI
IS TEACHING ME A COMBINATION
OF JEET KUNE DO
AND BRAZILIAN STREET FIGHTING.
I EVEN HAD MY OWN
OCTAGON TRAINING RING DESIGNED.
AND I SUPPOSE YOU USED
A RING DESIGNER FOR THAT?
YEAH.
MONICA, I WANT YOU THERE
IN THE FRONT ROW WHEN I WIN.
I WANT YOU CLOSE ENOUGH
TO SMELL THE BLOOD.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
MY PARENTS WILL
BE SO HAPPY.
♪ CRAZY UNDERWEAR,
CREEPING UP MY BUTT ♪
ALWAYS IN A RUT ♪
♪ CRAZY UNDERWEAR... ♪
OH, NO. WHAT IS HE DOING HERE?
ALL RIGHT, JUST KEEP PLAYING.
JUST KEEP PLAYING.
YOU'LL GET THROUGH THIS.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
( singing nonsense syllables )
OKAY, THANK YOU...
AND, AS ALWAYS, NO ONE
TALK TO ME AFTER THE SHOW.
HEY.
I WAS PASSING BY AND SAW
YOU WERE PLAYING TONIGHT.
IT'S KIND OF COOL
SEEING YOU UP THERE.
YEAH, WELL...
WHOA, HEY, HEY, WHOA...
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WHO'S THIS GUY?
I DON'T KNOW. HE JUST
STARTED KISSING ME.
GET HIM. GET HIM, VINCE.
WHAT?
YEAH. OKAY
I-I'VE BEEN DATING
BOTH OF YOU
AND IT'S BEEN
REALLY HORRIBLE
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW
IT'S BEEN
A LOT OF FUN FOR ME.
UM...
BUT I...
I LIKE YOU BOTH
AND I, AND I DIDN'T
KNOW HOW TO CHOOSE...
SO I'M SORRY.
I'M JUST...
I'M TERRIBLE.
I'M A TERRIBLE PERSON.
PHOEBE, PHOEBE,
RELAX.
IT'S OKAY. I MEAN...
WE NEVER SAID
THIS WAS EXCLUSIVE.
YEAH. AND NEITHER DID WE.
GIVE YOURSELF A BREAK.
REALLY?
YEAH. I MEAN,
YOU KNOW...
WE HAVEN'T BEEN
GOING OUT THAT LONG.
COME ON, WE HAVEN'T
EVEN SLEPT TOGETHER YET.
YOU HAVEN'T?
YOU HAVE?
OKAY, WELL, THIS IS
NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
YOU SLEPT WITH HIM?
WELL, I MADE YOU
A CANDLELIGHT DINNER
IN THE PARK.
YOU KNOW, PHOEBE
I'M GOING TO MAKE THIS
REAL EASY FOR YOU.
WELL...
THAT COULD HAVE BEEN
REALLY AWKWARD.
YOU MADE HIM
A CANDLELIGHT DINNER
IN THE PARK?
YEAH, BUT I-I CAN
DO THAT FOR YOU.
I'M GOING TO DO
THAT FOR YOU.
YEAH. I CAN'T BELIEVE
I EVER WENT OUT
WITH SOMEBODY
WHO WOULD ACTUALLY
HAVE AN OPEN FLAME IN THE
MIDDLE OF A WOODED AREA.
EVERYTHING'S GOING
TO BE ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, DICK?
HELLO, I AM GURU SAJ.
WHOA!
HE'S SUPPOSED TO
BE A DUCK, RIGHT?
'CAUSE OTHERWISE, THIS
IS WAY OUT OF MY LEAGUE.
YEAH, YEAH.
HE'S GOT A REALLY BAD COUGH
AND OUR VET-- HE CAN'T
DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT
SO IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU CAN DO?
HMM...
LET ME SEE.
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD GET HIM
TO EAT A BAT?